
Experience

Siemens Digital Industries Software
Hyderabad, IN
Associate Lead Software Engineer
Jan 2023 - *
– Security: Restrict Access to Designs. Required changes in way we fundamentally process design and any entity related to design.
Modifying legacy code on affected entities to comply with authorization.
Senior Software Engineer
Jan 22–Dec 22
– OAuth2: - Authorization support added for all supported suites (Total of 3). Used Keycloak to test the same.
– Licensing: Implementing a centralized licensing approach for 3 suites and discontinuing prior fragmented licensing approaches.
Software Engineer
July 2020–Dec 2021
– Data multiplication: Utility to replicate data used for scalability testing. 40 % Faster than older utility using multi threading.
– Product Rebranding: - Core product renaming as per Siemens guidelines.
Sub stories done to support full stack development. DB - Upgraders - backward compatibilty support, Object Model - Product
naming, common ribbon changes, UI - JavaFX login screen.
Intern
Dec 2019–Jun 2020
– Tagging: Support for custom taggers in search. Creating tags for objects with attributes defined from a Json file. Tags used for
search, query through REST APIs.
– A background task - periodically syncing GB’s of data between two databases.


Skills
Programming Languages Java, Python, C++, SQL
Databases: PostgreSQL, Oracle, MongoDB. Build Tools: Gradle, Maven, Make.
Framework: Spring Boot, JUnit, Mockito,
Tools and Technologies: Postman, Git, Confluence, Jira, Docker


Projects

HRM Tool
– Features include tracking user activities, location through Geo-location APIs, log timing, attendance through micro-service archi-
tecture. Project Link
Spring Boot, C++, MySql, Go Lang, React

Blogging Site
– A full stack blogging application with topic management, post creation, JWT based user authentication.
Spring (Boot, Security, Data JPA, Web)
Front end application in Angular Link


Messaging App
– Messaging application using Websockets. Supports Group messages, private messages. Uses SockJs for websocket implementation,
Stomp protocol for messaging. Link
Spring Boot, SockJs, Stomp protocol for messaging, UI - HTML/CSS/JQuery

Education

Vellore Institute of Technology, Vellore
B.Tech, Computer Science and Engineering - 9.03/10
TamilNadu, India
2016–2020


Accomplishments

Paper presentation at Siemens Internal Technical Conference 2021: Developing Framework for Stress Testing the software.
Hackerrank - 5* badges and certifications in Java, Problem Solving, Python and C++.Profile URL
Certifications from MongoDB, IBM - Microservices. URL
Certifications in REST API’s and SQL. URL
Annual Scholarship of Rs 50,000 every year, VIT University, 2016-2020
Recipient of this scholarship for scoring a rank less than 10,000 in VITEEE entrance exam and maintaining a minimum of 9 CGPA every
semester.
